[Music]
Haidee used to be my little buddy go on
nature hikes skip rocks we used to be so
connected he did smile you know you can
experience things a whole lot better
without that game that this is how I
experience it I don't think tomorrow I'm
finally leaving for college but in the
meantime I made you guys this goodbye
video you know what this is our last
night together how about we make 10
seconds of family eye contact starting
with your phone down now now you're
allowed to blink it's just my contacts
oh no screams at the table then why are
you kicking me I don't understand I'm
just look I'll watch it dad it's too
late look I want to watch it dad this is
exactly why I'm excited to leave
tomorrow 80 I know you can fix this
[Music]
why do you need all that to take me to
the airport I cancelled your plane
ticket to college
we are gonna drive you to school on a
cross-country road trip as a family
behold and now I present trekking Rick
Mitchell and kiss me hey Dad can you
check the trunk yeah sure got you Katie
Betty kids there's supposed to be some
great Ike's around this is something we
hear a pal bout to drop her biggest
invention yet meet the helper thought we
promised you they will never turn either
mom what is that
greetings humans
[Music]
technology rising up sayonara robots
roaming the streets what is this strange
creature dog pick dog loaf of bread let
me just have always been weird no time
to wash your hands don't worry I never
do that's what makes us great then we
just might be weird enough to save the
world all right
[Music]